# Assignment-6
For R package assignment FISH 549

The title of the package I chose for this assignment is "janitor", which can be installed this package from either CRAN or github.
The package has a vignette, which includes overviews of functions within the janitor package with simple descriptions and code block examples. The functions are grouped by their functionality, with most functions either used for cleaning data frames or for data exploration. (link: https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/janitor/vignettes/janitor.html). The main application of the janitor package lies within cleaning up dataframes and exploring data within them, aiming to save time from wrangling with unorganized or freshly-loaded data. Popular functions such as clean_names() and compare_df_cols() can be used to reduce time spent on renaming troublesome column names and quickly check column classes for multiple data frames at once, respectively. The clean_names() is especially powerful, capable of automatically turning problematic column names with spaces, special characters, or duplicated names into useful names that are consistent in formate such as having all column names in snake_case. What I like about this package is that many of its functions are made to be understood intuitively, where function names such as remove_constant() or round_to_fraction() make sense and are easy to apply even without knowledge of the package. There aren't a lot of things I wished this package did differently since its only a simpler side for a R package, though I wish it had more functions that could potentially make it easier for coders to read in and explore their datasets! I will absolutely recommend this pacakge to another R user.
